Requirements Section for Bug Triage (#672)
kubernetes/sig-release: release-team/role-handbooks/bug-triage/README.md

- Availability to attend the majority of Release Team (weekly) and Burndown meetings (daily during Code Freeze), subject to time zone appropriateness.
- Ability to follow-up on issues and PRs during Code Freeze at arbitrary times to ensure rapid turnaround.
- The time commitment becomes greater through the release cycle, peaking during Code Freeze.  In the last week of Code Freeze, Shadows should expect to spend at least 5 hours and leads at least 10 hours.

### Additional Requirements for Shadows

The following requirements are all things that Leads should already have, and Shadows should acquire, with coaching, within the first weeks of the release cycle:

- Have signed the contributor CLA for Kubernetes.
- Become a Kubernetes org member.  In many cases, this will be done with the sponsorship of the Bug Triage Lead or Release Lead in the first week of the cycle.
  - The process to become one of these is in [our community membership ladder](https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/community-membership.md#requirements-for-outside-collaborators)
- General familiarity with GitHub labels and how to find issues/PRs for the current milestone. 

> - Willingness and ability to follow-up with contributors about issues/PRs, on Slack, email, Discuss, and SIG meetings, as appropriate.

Author: Which of these are you referring to?

> - General knowledge of our SIG system and SIGs' areas of responsibility.

Author: I'm not sure where we can stick that in, want to add it in a subsequent PR?

Additionally, the following qualifications make a candidate more suitable for the Bug Triage team, but are not requirements:

- Experience with quality assurance and bug tracking systems.

### Additional Requirements for Leads
 
In addition to the above requirements for Shadows, most of which become prerequisites, Bug Triage Leads must:

> - Have the ability to add a milestone to issues, so must be a member of the [milestone maintainers](https://github.com/orgs/kubernetes/teams/kubernetes-milestone-maintainers)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Have the ability to add a milestone to issues, so must be a member of the [milestone maintainers](/release-team/README.md#milestone-maintainers)
```

> - Have the ability to add a milestone to issues, so must be a member of the [milestone maintainers](https://github.com/orgs/kubernetes/teams/kubernetes-milestone-maintainers)

Author: I think Stephen added some information around that

> - Have a working knowledge of GitHub labelling and API. Bug Triage leads must be able to identify relevant issues and PRs for a given milestone.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Have a working knowledge of GitHub labeling. Bug Triage leads must be able to identify relevant issues and PRs for a given milestone.
```

> - Have an understanding of what defines a "Release Blocking" issue or PR, or know who to contact to determine that information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Have an understanding of what defines a ["Release Blocking"](/release-blocking-jobs.md) issue or PR, or know who to contact to determine that information.
```
